we are recording welcome to the weekly
in web browsers and ipfs peewee team
sinkhole I will be the host for today we
have an agenda but first off we will do
a round of what highlight was most
exciting from my week last week and what
I hope to achieve next week and we will
go roughly in document water so did it
as it's customary
I don't could you give us your highlight
from us okay that's so I changed my
world paper it's really good
and now that's not the highlight this is
the highlight I think is it yeah so I've
been working on ipfs companion and
implemented some stuff leaders are here
but basically the product of that is new
better release with context actions
enabled on the MS link sides and those
sites do not need to be loaded from your
local gateway you may disable gateway
redirect in magnificent pile at you
still will get those contacts actions
and we also the visual refresh continues
so we tweaked a little bit the way the
toggles work and added those tables to
preference the screen and some other
small tweaks if you want to provide some
thoughts on how we should move forward
with this there's a link to the
discussion and you sure and if you want
to provide translations there's a link
to place a trans if X when you can
provide them this is a better release so
you need to opt-in to the beta channel
and I have it installed here so Wow let
me quickly yeah I have been started here
so multi-format website it's at
multi-format io and it's the NS link web
site and you can see it's loaded from my
local gateway
but using this new interface in ipfs
companion I'm able to disable redirect
on this one website and to see it
switched back to the original hostname
and still you are able to copy on the
European this website or a specific a
specific resource as well and you can
also switch back so that's the update I
also got back to brave and solve all the
issues that prevented a sacrifice from
starting in brave context web extension
complex with more powerful IP eyes and
more on that maybe later but basically
we are unblocked and my plan for the
next week is to add missing wiring to
enable starting HTTP API and gateway in
web browser right now it's only possible
to start it when you start JSI DFS demon
from the command line so that's my
update very cool any questions fellow -
no ok and I think it's cool is still not
a good time so I will give his highlight
based on an element from his list of my
choosing I think the most exciting thing
that he has been working on and he share
my screen he's been working on ugliness
desktop and most significant one is
working on the many part and make it
simpler I think the entire GUI team
almost the entire team is engaged in
this bike share now the logística is the
desktop app had
and unjustifiably gratuitous UI just to
show her menu and they've also had
positioning issues on multi screen
setups so eventually the question was
asked why isn't this just a context menu
so this is not super thoroughly but this
is a this is not the final version but
the menu is not much simpler but still
performs the same same functions anyway
he is deep in that if you have opinions
on how that should look this is the
current iteration giving you quick
access to restarting and stopping the
node and then hiding most of the other
stuff behind in advanced mini and links
to the desktop UI status files and
settings so they do what you would
expect so click on status it brings up
the desk a very exciting
he has also been pushing forward the
Ibis desktop 7 release and the only
blockers to that now are merging in the
improved analytics UI and upgrading the
go I get less dependency T o dot forward
on my team so it looks like we could cut
a release them out after this cool which
is pretty exciting because it's been
longer than we expected it would be
but it's linearly so that's a base quite
nicely to the big news from me on my
highlight from this week was my goodness
it's been a quarter in the works there
was a load of work on it in January and
then waiting for analytic service to be
available and then I thought it was done
and then I always told that it was not
done and so I did even more work and the
analytics further web UI is done
everyone said that they liked it so I
have managed it in this gift shows you
how it works
but who wants gifts when we've now got
exciting I could best preview
on things so the pull request has the
pretty build on it so as a new user what
you see is an ask on the home page on
the first time you visit if you've not
decided how you feel about analytics
then it's a invitation to help us out
and you might say ok or you might say no
thanks you get really interested you
might say more info and the more info
takes you to a trimmed-down version of
the settings page that explains more
clearly what's going on I just did some
last-minute tweaks based on so this was
Michaels idea that made like the most
sentence based on showing the user the
more info and then Chris gave me some
feedback on just tidying up the check
box and I think a bunch of people had
said why is it in a white box and so you
know that you're going to like that as
well
so I eventually capitulated so you get
that kind of bit of an introduction and
then if you're on the same page that
would be clients by default but because
you've asked for more info we open up
and then you can drill down and so we
then break it down by tag so you might
be interested in exactly what we're
tracking if you're technical this will
make that it tries to get sort of to do
a good job of hiding details at every
level so giving you a kind of like the
level of granularity that you can deal
with and it tries to explain it in a
sensible
language at each level until you drill
down all the way and then it gets quite
technical and it tries to be very
specific and very transparent so that if
you are technical that you can see
exactly what's happening and the
feedback I've got from this is that this
makes people feel much more maybe it
won't make anyone else take the box but
it makes them feel like we're being as
transparent as we can about what data
that we are recording so that includes
for like a browser session that'll
include at metrics like your user agent
and your screen resolution and the
locale so we unpack the great brands
there so they're a bit easier to read
who's trying to try to interpret this
from the URL it's pretty difficult
and then and the icing on the cake we
also provide a new source link that
takes you to the relevant chunk of the
library that we use you can see exactly
how it goes about recording your browser
metrics and then we do that job for each
section events these are the specific
redux actions that we have bound into
the analytics so what's nice is that
that list is being driven from the code
so I export that list on the place where
it's used and I can consume it from this
documentation section so those two
things will always be in sync what else
is nice
if you check help us improve it checks
all these for safe ones but the app
errors one is not considered safe
because we can it's very difficult for
us to guarantee that an error message or
stacked rates will never contain a CID
or a file path within your local NFS or
other personally identifiable
information and we explain that here so
checking the top another one doesn't
automatically lock you into app errors
the chances of anyone specifically up
two things out there it seems
vanishingly low at this point
but it has a ancillary value in the if
people open issues and they're
particularly difficult for us to
recreate we can ask them to go and in
they call this feature and then we will
start to see their error message is
appearing in our analytics tool which is
kinda nice and also the way the logic of
this tick box is if you you take any of
these things then the top level one is
ticked if you uncheck all of the types
then that's equivalent to sending off
analytics there's no there's no extra
surprises these are all the things that
can be tracked and your other are in
white anyway it's in its merged haha I
don't have to think about analytics for
like a week now
he says deep down knowing that this is
just the beginning my other highlight of
just now
got a github action working and what
does it do well it does the thing that I
already figured out which is how to pin
pin websites to IP this cluster from
from CI that's not come yeah we've got
to get some action for IP this now it's
it's early days but what it does is lets
you an example workflow so you can then
use it from the github actions tab on
your site since the IP LD website and
I've configured a github workflow that
involves building a site so I just have
to the way this works is you can create
new let me one fight at a time you can
each say I want to create a new workflow
you then define the steps that the
actions within that workflow so the
first one is a builder so our website
build process depends on NPM so I'm
using the pre-built game of action
Pantheon and it it has already checked
out our code into a docket image that
don't get in each has NPM a node
available the bills for this particular
site is to use make so I just configured
it to run the make action rather make
can only live in a docker container when
it's done it then passes off to a second
container this workspace is is persisted
between containers so the next one has
the output of the checked out code plus
the result of running make so then this
second one just runs a script to pin the
contents of the public directory which
is where bill process pumps their value
up team and pins into cluster so you get
a similar situation to the setup that
we're trying this local CEO
and you can see that BTR and you get
this nice I give s website add it to up
your pants and same same same as if
that's the circles that it takes to a
pretty IBFX CI d that was latte building
in the convection which is nice and I'm
looking for a neat way of separating out
we want to get these website previews on
every single PR regardless of
contributing whether there is from a
full an external computer or from a
member but we need to then be able to
separate our secrets so the secrets
dilatant pin stuff to a cluster less
deeply important than the secrets that
control the dns for the domain we don't
want to link any of them but we do also
want to have a good user experience for
contributors so this doesn't what to do
there but that's what I've been looking
at question from Eric so it is a use
case for this it makes preview links for
psych that I'm updating or cream did the
use cases like anyone should be able to
submit anyone can submit a PR to our
websites and say here I fixed a thing
when I added a new idea and we want this
feature is really useful for for
reviewers to be able to like let me just
see the results of that build without
having to check out locally and builder
but the problem we have right now is
with the circle one the current the
current setup is people who are not
already part of the organization
forgivable their law requests come from
external Forks and we turn off
continuous inspiration on those builds
which is trakone ian but is also the
only way to guarantee that we won't leak
the secrets secret tokens for like DNS
and cluster username/password
it would be possible to craft a
malicious call requests that expose
those secrets and so right now we just
arbitrarily trust people inside the org
and other trailer
do not trust people
and I'd like to find a solution for that
that was less horrible so that's what
I've been researching anyway I've taken
up a lot of your time thank you for
listening I have been engaged in this
ugly this district wizzle's and I'm
gonna be looking at I give this desktop
7 release after this cool and then I'm
on to making a proposal for the new web
UI peers page because right now it's
just a map and it doesn't do enough to
justify its existence and I think this
has lots of API service area that was
involved with connecting to their
arbitrary days in which service back in
you and then I'm gonna help out with the
help system that's moving next week
Oh Diego how's it going I will stop my
screen share do you want to share with
us a thing yeah how's everyone's good so
last week what i've been doing i've been
kind of finishing the help system on the
web UI i've created a Google Doc so
everyone can chime in with their
opinions ideas
I would appreciate feedback on what what
are we trying to achieve with this help
system and I've put some grips of what
already is made so you guys can see and
make your suggestions basically I've
made a editor for every page except the
Pierce page no sorry except the export
page because this is from this is
plugging in from another repo so I have
to to see how I'm going to to do this so
yeah what I have right now is we come to
a certain page we have this little
question mark that we can click and it
starts the editor and you just just make
the tour or you just or you can cancel
it I'm going to to implement a
suggestion from Eric that's when you
first enter a page you have like this
tooltip
hey you you have the guided tours here
if you want to see them this is not
implemented but I think this is a nice
way because when a new user enters a
page and just this check mark doesn't it
isn't to to of this so having that
stilted the first time I think it's cool
and then when the user close it it won't
happen again
apart from that I've green the yeah the
help system the the document I've
upgraded the web UI to use create react
up to that was the thing that we we
already made all they made it on the IPL
the explore and why why was needing it
to basically it allows it does a bunch
of things to to every why it makes it
fast and we don't have to mess with the
web pack config that's super great
because we have an ejector config so
everything works in the great react app
version 1 with version 2 we just use the
plane config that it comes with so
that's pretty cool and I basically I
made that because to operate to
storybook 5 the newer version the shiny
version of storybook we needed to have
the latest version of the great react
app so I've been working on those too
it's an open pull request it's finished
I made both in one pull request because
upgrading to storybook 5 having the
great react app version 2 was just so
easy so here it is is it's waiting for a
proper review and that's about it this
neck this week Thursday and Friday I'll
be off but next week I'm hoping to
finish the web UI help system I would
really appreciate if you guys put some
feedback if not it will go as is but the
copy needs some ice because it's very
basic can you drop the link to that talk
in the chat
yeah sure have you guys have any
question
all good I'm looking forward to seeing
the shiny new storybook 5 interface I
hear it's very funny yeah I like it a
lot and I think it's it's better with
atoms and the thing I'm most happy about
this I think we can create new yorkese
because right now on the storybook we
were using you could have just one year
key for example files page and inside
the files page you just have components
and now you have can have files page
then buttons and then inside weapons all
the buttons that she wants and let's go
it may not seem much but it's it's nice
you want to share a thing yes share
things so I'm you only came on the walk
stuff on ipfs this is related to a
dependency that we use the proper log
file we were were having issues when we
when I like ran a demon and your system
sleeps are in the JavaScript event loop
it's too busy to run the timers and
basically the the proper log file will
just throw because it could like updates
the lock in time we implement I
implemented a workaround not like a
Quran but a proper fix today's here it
was released and we are now bubbling up
this dependency ipfs repo is already
merged and released so now it's we're
just missing the just JSF EFS I also
went into the view rabbit hole
and I can say that it's a deep hole
black hole so my initial thought was not
the solution and right now I'm still the
intimate and finding all the problems
and stuff the proto school repo as some
dependencies updated and because of its
I will I had too much too much of a
surface to like test view right now I'm
just testing it into with a clean view
CLI in it or create or whatever come and
they have clean repo needs and it's been
much easier to debug stuff basically
view comfy or webpack config that view
uses is much stricter than creative rat
up and we have a lot of problems with
our exports because in the app you will
probably mix a s modules with commander
at common J's at least from Jessop EFS
because we don't have a es module
version and the way we do exports makes
view crash and fail and not it's not
able to build so there is other problems
the second mediate that we use but don't
have an explicit require I in one repo
at least I already made the pull
requests I'm waiting for it to be merged
and release and I will keep digging into
it until I find a proper way to make
products cool work
a hundred percent Holly just on that I
hit a lot of those issues before I gave
up and just used the pre-built browser
friendly bundle with the set immediate
one there's you can add a stack config
line that just says web they convict
node so immediate like you can have it
transpile in for octopus though there
was one that I did manage to fix yeah
yeah I already did that so I was able to
go into the next problem okay so it's a
step by step that's very big
specification not obviously like Walker
but yeah it's yeah I think I got like
three like whack-a-mole in that's like
oh that one's fixing on the next area oh
I got three in and I was like yeah but I
I think we should aim to she like we
need for create recta as Diogo said that
now you are just able to use it default
the default config and not like eject
nothing we should aim to do the same for
for place view I'm starting to feel that
there should be an explicit ipfs for the
browser my PFS liked yes if released
yes yes yes let's just finish the the
bundle size and these view stuff I'll
get there I'll get there step by step
but so sorry I thought I just heard you
say something about having a PR ready to
merge she meant something that's not in
my repo right I'm not holding you up oh
no no I still school when I finished
with the clean repo we will problem need
to make some changes to the protocol
repo because there
weird stuff going on there because when
I changed to a clean one it was much
easier to understand what where the
errors come came from so we'll figure
that out
so I also introduced back the windows
testing on Jas lit B to B because we are
we're having issues with the way Travis
and right now we've just Evan like an a
doc setup using easier pipelines just
for that triple just running windows so
it's just temporary solution until we
figure out a better way to do it and
that's it for the rest of the week I
will continue the window size review
support stuff and I think it raters very
cool any questions okay
Terry did you want to share thing yeah I
did remember what I've been doing that
made me not do anything else which is I
found a location for offline cam and we
booked it so if anyone's super curious
you can go in the event management
private repo to learn more still top
secret don't tell any outside people
thank you this is a recorded public pool
that I think that's on YouTube yeah but
I can't may or may not be happening soon
so in proto school the last thing I did
on the file API tutorial was to get
myself really confused because I tried
to make the user practice using add and
then I tried to like verify it that
they've done the right thing by using
something that was in the fest that
didn't work and part of this is stemming
from the fact that some people think we
should have a lesson about the non em FS
things like adding it with files and
some people Michael think we shouldn't
do it at all and we should only do in my
fest so he was proposing verification
methods thinking I was doing different
content than I was inside and I didn't
catch it
also as is evidence by my the text on
the website I don't have quite a full
enough understanding to give a great
description of stuff that's happening
I'm trying to get this window over where
I can share it but I'm failing so in the
documentation for bad
it says that data can be a buffer
instance a readable stream upholstery or
an array of objects and what I don't
know is which of those I'm using if I
pass in a file object that was gotten by
using the thing you used to choose a
file in the browser or the drag-and-drop
this is doesn't match to one of those
things
couldn't you just use the selector on
your computer to pick a file what kind
of data object is it it's a file object
as represented by like it's a Dom file
object it's none of those things
explicitly unless you wrap it in
something else why does it work good
question because what I was trying to do
is say hey you can put you can in the
text of a lesson I was trying to say hey
you can do this with it in any of these
ways here's an example of doing it with
this thing the thing you're just a flute
it happens to be this kind so it works
but I can't say that if it's not a solid
I would say yeah so I'm just at this
point with where I like the
functionality exists to get files in to
work with but I need to figure out how
I'm structuring those lessons and if I
am going ahead and explaining the ad and
get kinds of things that people think
are less than ideal but won't be changed
soon and then separately explaining em
FS and the differences between them or
just skipping and only explaining em FS
and ignoring all the rest of your vision
it has seemed to me like the majority
people think I should do the ad and get
stuff is that true on this car yeah yeah
I think I think to not do it without a
plan to deprecate add and remove or
somehow unify like we don't have the
vision of unifying how to get with the
NFS world and until we have that
pretending like they don't exist isn't
kind of yeah give those decent next to
me and I think it's also helpful to be
able to present something that feels
similar to what you just learned with
the day KPI um so I'm continuing down
that path and then the other link that I
popped in the notes is to me trying to
work on the roadmap for products well if
people on this call don't know in theory
at least as of next quarter protocol
will be a top-level project I'm supposed
to sitting under ipfs and we need a real
actual roadmap and okrs and whatever so
I'm looking for suggestions on what we
can do to support
the steam and the other ipfs students in
the other project games in educational
goals so as you go into your okay our
process and whenever else please drop in
ideas about what we can do in total
school that would be helpful
um and that will also in theory as a
project there may be some budget
involved potentially for hiring but what
makes sense in terms of people who live
in project teams contributing with
editorial help versus hiring someone
who's just building content across all
the projects whatever is something we
can talk about after we have those ideas
flowing
that's it for me super cool I'm on there
like what why did it work file advert
from the file input I know in web B way
we definitely wrap the output of a file
input in a converter that converts it to
a readable stream so be interesting like
but we can go through this in a cool
request like we could do it offline but
yeah I mean maybe it just works now
maybe there's a browser browser maybe
Michael did something that I didn't
notice - and already built the
functionality yeah it's quite likely
that he's wrapping the output of that in
some kind of file reader interface okay
next on the list is Erik he's listed
know things so it's a mystery area you
got anything you'd like to share with us
yeah I did not really know what this
meeting was although it was documented
so I really no excuse I've been sick but
there was that which is abating and you
have been wrapping my head around
[Music]
protocol labs and and what it was trying
to get my bearings and one other thing I
want to do is pitch in with file coin in
for developing a brand guide book or a
brand reference of some kind that the
folks could use to you know to build
stuff so that they don't have to solve
you know visual problems the nice thing
about problems they don't want to think
about and you know and also to help with
consistency right to make like the best
thing to create also the easiest thing
to create you know because it's been
done before and yes right now it's it's
it's it's nowhere it's not there yet but
you know there's a lot of stuff out
there for file kind for example so if
usual inventory is kind of just trying
to grab
whatever there is and now some of the
stuff is completely out of left field
like the foul coin game which is cool I
think was inspired by Dig Dug in terms
of its color scheme but the first thing
was all right I have a portable Dig Dug
game like that was Alan and I having fun
well I chose to like gold silver and
bronze color and then Alan went
delivered the entire thing it is yeah I
mean I feel very you know I get in the
gaming mindset when I do that so it's
totally spot-on and the first artifact
there would would be like just this
simple style sheet which I started and
just iterating on that and trying to
simplify a little and not not get too
crazy with it because I want to put it
out there and like apply this to
something that exists you know because
working in the abstract for design just
you know doesn't work and so then you
know apply it maybe to something that
already exists so that I can see well
this doesn't work this doesn't work and
oh they did this and I actually it's not
represented here so you know evolving it
and and then moving on to yeah
structuring some kind of a reference in
whatever you know whatever the best
format might be and I am inclined to
make it as you know as digital and
interactive as possible as opposed to
you know or in addition to stuff that a
print that might you know benefit
printers you know like a PDF or whatever
but since the lion's share of what's
being made around here is a interface
based you know if there's a resource
where you know folks can just tap to
copy a snippet and paste it into their
code I think that could go a long way
but not much progress there yet
say Oh a just a random sorry you know
poking them in a couple random things
branding type things like a title cards
for for IDM progress IDM identity
manager progress report meetings and and
you know interface bits such as you know
just annoying little chime ins for
desktop companions and things like that
and hopefully that you know ipfs is is
actually you know what I technically am
assigned to that's what is the tattoo
like on my neck but I got on part of
orientation says and so that will be my
priority and one of my you know so the
there is a brand book for that now you
know the one or 0.1 or whatever and this
week I'm gonna take a look at it at
iterating on that and then thinking and
also thinking about how that could be
made interactive to whatever and and
what bits of it might be added back
there now super cool that's great thanks
very much anyone else who is present on
the cool he would like to share a thing
we've reached the end of the people who
fill out the agenda this anyone got
anything else they want to share
highlights from last week stony silence
or I'm I piece isn't one thing one I
have a question based on um what I've
been working on with alert I'm glad
Allen is here as far just called so the
bar on my machine this is one of those
works on my machine case
where the bar shows up two hours before
the call and it remains that a half an
hour of the ipfs called on there was
suggestion to create a test and that is
what I've been working on and I'm
wondering like if my approach is correct
so what I'm doing now is looking for the
issue here and I'll start sharing my
screen
oops
[Music]
a moment do you see the github issue no
we see oh we do you know
yeah okay um so here's the conversation
where it says I think you need to add
context here this is the banner while
the calls in progress I didn't know how
to go about the test so this is what I
I've been looking at mocha and chai and
I am not sure like logically what would
be the best way to test that the bar is
as peers for two and a half hours or
even if that's something that I should
test or I should like change my logic so
this is what I have and once again the
only thing this test asserts is if the
logic of the start time is true or not
which is not helpful in terms of showing
if the bar is up for two and a half
hours I think um I think it probably
best to dig into this after the call we
use my current ROI on all the other
JavaScript projects so that is a
reasonable choice of testing library I
think your big challenge is going to be
you're gonna need to mock out the date
built-in to do any kind of test that can
meaningfully assert that things happen
at certain times you don't want to write
a test that you can only run if you have
to run on a schedule any but I think I'm
rather than trying to dig into that on
this cool unless anyone's like I've done
this before and I'm gonna fix this live
on camera I just wanted to show like if
anyone had any like broad suggestions
like the fact that mocha and chai is
like that's the right direction is
useful for me and if anyone else has
some broad useful like tips then that
would be more than appreciate it super
good all right yeah we can we can dig
into that after the cool
I'm debugging go alright anyone else
going to sing they wanna share Alan and
Christian on the call you our economy's
new on show yeah thanks I've got words
rather than videos they better be good
ones
okay well hack the ass
Henrique you might know him helped out
and did a pull request to the module go
ipfs debt which actually removes a whole
bunch of hard coded version numbers and
platforms and architectures from it and
instead when you install go ipfs it asks
the site where it gets the actual IP FS
dependency from which has a special JSON
file which lists out all of the
architectures platforms and versions
what note doesn't lift up versions but
all those things it asks a site for that
information rather than having it
duplicated in the module so that was
really cool and so now when you install
go ipfs depth which i've just released
0.4 dot 19 to go go with the new go up
if s release it will instead of using
its hard-coded values it will now ask
the dist ifs the i/o website for that
information which is super cool so he
helped update it to the new version and
also made it better at the same time so
hooray for that and so Thank You Henry
you are not here but you are in our
hearts always so other than that I've
been working on trying to get IP at ji p
FS 0 35 out the door you may or may not
know that the big news is that a DHT is
coming and it is it's really close
we've had some stability issues that
we've only run into once everything got
merged into into the master because it
they only all of our tests and our
interrupt tests so
like they spin up a note or another note
or two nodes check that things can get
exchanged between them and then they're
like okay that's great to spin down and
same thing for interrupt test and but
that doesn't tell us things like when
your node is running for like 10 minutes
and acquires a thousand peers will it
still be running because it's run not
run out of memory or or things like that
so we've been kind of battling with that
and we was what we found is that we
haven't been counting our well we fire
an event for like when appears connected
or disconnected and that wasn't being
counted properly so the connection
manager the thing that sort of manages
the number of connections that are
allowed wasn't able to actually do any
of that work so so that was no good and
then a bunch of other kind of things
that we have kind of cropped up that
we've been been working on but Hugo has
fixed up the problem with the we had a
problem where the CPU was pegged at 100%
and it was the problem with that is that
the lock file implementation was trying
to update the kind of modify time on the
locked lock file but it didn't that
because the event loop was being was
being used the whole time it didn't get
to do it in time for it to not consider
the lock file to be like invalid so that
was so you know basically the node was
doing lots of work and then bringing
itself down by by sort of saying well
nobody died so yeah anyway that issue
has been fixed so that's good just stuff
like that has just kind of cropped up
that we didn't really to say that now we
are very close to happy we have a node
that runs and will run for a long time
and doesn't use up under center of your
CPU and you can disable pre-loading and
still access content that the node
doesn't have locally via the magic of
the DHT
so and it's really beautiful to see in
real life if your node like me but yeah
it should be coming out really soon that
I've just got and we've got some
interrupts with zero for not nineteen
that I need to iron out now before we
can get the release out the door but
it's we we've got a web UI 2.4 dot one
release for you with the now our
approved analytics menu cook it in in
house the mini Chris did you want to go
yeah very quickly my one more thing for
this week is I I say for last week I
started on the kind of shared merge
component library have a very basic hat
framework written written up for that
which I will continue after this week
because this week I'm currently in Bray
wintry Wonderland Germany working on all
the ipfs camp powering so trying to get
the schedule done and getting all the
the content done for the website and
also we've been doing some essentially
brainstorming around the house sessions
will work and all the all the event will
come together so some practical releases
this week on the similar vein of their
analytics has been very careful about
how we're managing a process in data so
there's been a lot doing referring with
legal and making sure we've very
carefully handcrafted a data policy so
that it fits our external event and how
we will deal with data and also
collection and migrating of contact so
we can direct information to them
directly and let's all come together
we've we've we've got a mailing list out
and announced this this afternoon that's
where you go and we'll continue to work
on iterating the website for basically
release next week I I think so that's
essentially my update in the ipfs land
but yeah I'm sure we'll be sharing more
details with you all very soon but
looking forward to our team week so we
can actually all get together and so
those two two priorities super cool
for those that don't know the oculus GUI
team in web browsers team and package
managers teams are gonna meet up in
Lisbon in a coupla weeks in a couple of
weeks in 10 days yeah you know it's soon
to retrospect on this quarter and to
make our plans for q2 and also to take
some work in the same room and to hack
on something fun experiment it's gonna
be great Oh Erik question I asked others
who are going to be there to do what I'm
doing now so I know who I'm gonna
awesome Porsche and Terry this is the
classic like I was proposing a like
four-person ipfs GUI team gathering and
it's now like gradually expanding any oh
that we're gonna need to finish them and
plan out QT stuff yeah anymore pretty
woman and Lyle we've got five minutes on
the clock and you were gonna give us a
update about brave that would be a
lovely way to finish the call yeah so I
think it will be exciting especially
given the update about the HD from Allen
so I sort of solve all I think I've
solved all the polyfill issues around
sockets provide from chrome api's like
those advanced api's for the row access
to the sockets and what that means we
should be able to expose that gateway
finally from JSA PFS need to add some
wiring and what's exciting is that there
will be a new window for brave within
next
three weeks and I had a call with city
of life today and we should be able to
squeeze a small change to brave to
whitelist our extension IDs so that
right now we've been wait-listed in a
feature branch but it should be fairly
saved to basically wait-listed in the
stable Channel brave and that would
enable us to basically iterate our
extension against regular break built
without like need for locally building
everything unless we of course need to
change something in bread but I'd feel
for for this phase of iteration this
will be highly beneficial so I plant
I plan to allocate more a little bit
more time to that effort in the
following weeks just to push this
towards a finish line and to see how we
can distribute a special build of our
extension and within the orchestration
around web extension that break mute so
when the brave user goes to Chrome Web
Store and clicks install they will get
the brave more powerful version and
another idea is to have an option in
preferences of brave basically there's
like position for web torrent and there
is a toggle switch just to enable it and
the extension is installed from the
Preferences screen so basically we
should be able to have something similar
sooner or later for a PFS so that's I
feel that's a good UI for you like
that's a UX win for user the user does
not need to go and look for extension
and the site which is the official one
it will just be there enable ipfs
support in your browser and that's it so
that's like a quick update online is
there anything we can say echo is it
running it is but in the console so it's
not very visual and I don't have it on
this laptop I have it maybe next week
browser operating as a server that
sounds peer-to-peer to me all right
that's two minutes left on the clock any
other business
got any gossip heard any had anything
from some other calls we should know
would you like 60 seconds of your lives
back but more excitement debugging
distributing the web yes
your silence is compliance this has been
the ipfs weekly in web browsers and I
give this GUI team sync up call see you
so time same place next week right